# Req 001

## Workflow

We will use the documentation first methodology to develop this project. doc first is to use documentation illustrating what we want to do comprehensively.

The structure for the method is defined as below:

- ./docs/ will be the place we maintain all the requirements sepcefications, implementation plan, summary, etc...
- ./doc/organic will be the place we maintain the organic requirement given by human
- ./doc/<milestone-name>/req/ will be the place for the coding agent to generate the comprehensive documentations from the organic input of human. milestone name will be unique, starts with the sequence number for the milestone. for example `001-initialization` is a milestone's name. this will be given in the organic documentation. If you cannot find it, please ask.
- ./doc/<mileston-name>/impl/ will be the place for the coding agent to store the implementation documents after the coding is done.
- ./doc/<milestone-name>/manual/ will be the place for another agent to generate the users manual to address the basic usage of the system feature, those documentations in the directory will be end user and maintainer oriented.

The roles participate the development of the project will be:

- Human: in charge of giving the organic requirement, doing manual test, and give feedback to all agent-based roles.
- Documentation writer: in charge of writing comprehensive requirement based on the organic input of the human
- Coder: based on the codebase and the comprehensive documentation to implement the project. Coder will be yet another agent. Coder and Documentation Writer cannot be the same AI agent instance.

The basic workflow:


1. Human gives the basic ideas by writing organic requirement in markdown
2. Documentation Writer will expand the organic requirement into multiple chapter comprehensive markdown for the coder.
3. Coder will review all the required knowledge and the current revision of the codebase to generate:
    - Dev plan
    - Execute the plan and generate new code to the codebase
    - Test the generated new code
    - Deliver this to human for testing
4. Human will test the features updated by the coder. 
    - If there are any issues with the understanding about the requirment, human will prompt the documentation writer to revise the requirement. The human could have written new orginic patch documentations or to use prompt by chatting(vibe documenting)
    - if there are human recognizable technical issues, then human will either vibecoding or write organic documentations to the coder and fix them.
5. Iterate through 1-4 till we have a good result, then commit the code.